# Automated Customer Support Agent

We were required to develop an agent  that can handle customer inquiries for a business. This agent should use natural language processing to understand and respond to customer queries, escalate issues when necessary, and learn from interactions to improve over time.

## Team Id : Hack-230494

# Approach

To address the problem statement, we employed the RAG (Retrieval Augmented
Generation) and PALM API provided by Google to enhance the response gener-
ation process. By leveraging these APIs and following the methodology outlined
in the GenRead research paper, we implemented a multi-step approach. First,
the ’generator’ agent creates potential responses to a query. Subsequently, the
RAG algorithm is applied to these responses to determine the optimal output
based on the Hitachi information document.
```src/document.txt```
We generated some data for Hitachi company service. This document can be replaced with any other customer service info to perform Retrieval Augmented Generation.

Efforts have been made to relate the solution to the theme of the Techfest "The Mystical Realm".

We have also provided a Technical Report which covers our solutions detail approach.


## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

Make sure you have the following prerequisites installed:

- Python (>=3.8)

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:

    ```
    git clone https://github.com/ayushawasthi24/HackAI-Round2
    ```

2. Create an .env file

    Go to https://ai.google.dev/tutorials/setup and generate an API key.
    Create a ```.env``` file in the src folder and write the following:
    ```
    PALM_API_KEY = "your_api_key"
    ```

3. Navigate to the project directory:

    ```
    cd HackAI-Round2
    ```
    
    

4. Create a virtual environment and activate it:

    ```
    python -m venv venv_name
    venv_name\Scripts\activate
    pip install -r requirements.txt
    ```
    
    

### Usage

1. Run the main script:

    ```
    cd src
    python main.py
    ```
    

2. Enter your queries when prompted and observe the responses generated by the agents.


## Agents

Our application has 2 agents
1. Generator: It basically takes a user input, generates some potential responses using an LLM, feeds the query into the RAG pipeline and then sends the output to the ```Answerer``` agent.
2. Answerer: It takes the response of the generator agent and then gives it to LLM which then predicts a final response that is then shown to the user.


## Team Details

Team Id: Hack-230494
Team Members:
- Ayush Awasthi(ayushawasthi2409@gmail.com)
- Aman Poddar(amanpoddar412@gmail.com)
- Anushka Jha(anushkajha011103@gmail.com)
- Angela Singhal(angelagoldy20@gmail.com)